README.md, before:

# Wildboar IMAP Server

* Author: [Jonathan M. Wilbur](https://jonathan.wilbur.space) <[jonathan@wilbur.space](mailto:jonathan@wilbur.space)>
* Copyright Year: 2019
* License: [MIT License](https://mit-license.org/)

Build by running `tsc` in the root directory.

## Usage

### Testing

Run `npm run-script test`.

### Debugging

You can debug easily in VS Code. For some reason, breakpoints do not appear to
work in `index.ts`. 

## Development

### Pre-Alpha

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server moves into Alpha
development.

- [ ] Commands:
  - [ ] RFC 3501
    - [x] CAPABILITY
    - [x] NOOP
    - [x] LOGOUT
    - [x] STARTTLS
    - [x] AUTHENTICATE
    - [x] LOGIN
    - [ ] SELECT
    - [ ] EXAMINE
    - [x] CREATE
    - [ ] DELETE
    - [ ] RENAME
    - [ ] SUBSCRIBE
    - [ ] UNSUBSCRIBE
    - [ ] LIST
    - [ ] LSUB
    - [ ] STATUS ("STATUS" SP mailbox SP "(" status-att *(SP status-att) ")") (status-att = "MESSAGES" / "RECENT" / "UIDNEXT" / "UIDVALIDITY" / "UNSEEN")
    - [ ] APPEND (hard)
    - [ ] CHECK
    - [ ] CLOSE
    - [ ] EXPUNGE
    - [ ] SEARCH (very hard) (And search tricks)
    - [ ] FETCH (hard)
    - [ ] STORE (medium)
    - [ ] COPY (medium)
    - [ ] UID (medium)
  - [ ] Custom commands:
    - [ ] INFO / STATISTICS
    - [ ] HEALTHCHECK
      - [ ] Queue can be reached.
      - [ ] Configuration source can be reached.
      - [ ] Listening on socket.
- [x] Graceful Shutdown
- [x] Add `isSet` to ConfigurationSource.
- [ ] Healthcheck tool
- [ ] Use a `sensitiveCommandRunning` flag to prevent race conditions when a
      connection attempts two `APPEND`s at once, for instance.
- [ ] Limit everything:
  - [ ] Maximum commands per minute.
  - [ ] Time since last command.
  - [x] Maximum command lexemes.
  - [ ] Errors per minute.
  - [ ] Average TCP data chunk size (to prevent slow loris attacks)
  - [ ] Average line length.
  - [ ] Authentication attempts per hour should be handled by the authorizer.
- [x] Simple Authorization
- [x] Start-up checks:
  - [x] Confirm that all integers are safe.
  - [x] Confirm that all command names are atoms.
  - [x] Confirm that there are no duplicate plugins.
- [x] Add `capability` field to plugins.
- [ ] Consider using nameless queues to make the queue list more readable.
- [x] Make `ConfigurationSource` a class so you can keep the master variables list there.
- [ ] Create `ok`, `bad`, and `no` methods for replies.

### Alpha

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server moves into Beta
development.

- [ ] AWS SQS message broker support
- [ ] Update dependencies
- [ ] Use `Set` instead of arrays where uniqueness is a requirement. (Check for string[])
- [ ] Check for correct state at the start of commands.
- [ ] Check `toString()` occurrences for UTF decoding safety.
  - [ ] Flag safe ones with #UTF_SAFE comments.
- [ ] Support `SEARCH` tricks
- [ ] Address Potential Concurrency Issues:
  - [ ] Multiple socket writes at the same time.

### Beta

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server moves into
Release Candidate development. In Beta, no new features are added to Wildboar
IMAP Server; only testing is performed and bugs are fixed.

- [ ] Static analysis
- [ ] Fuzz testing
- [ ] Achieve 100% test coverage
- [ ] Resilience testing with Chaos Monkey
- [ ] Invalid UTF fuzzing
- [ ] Performance profiling
- [ ] Denial of Service testing
- [ ] Memory leak tests
  - [ ] Repeatedly connecting and disconnecting
  - [ ] Running commands repeatedly
  - [ ] Repeatedly authenticating
- [ ] 100% JSDoc Documentation

### Release Candidate

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server version 1.0.0
will be released.

### Future Features

The following features will be added some time after the release of version
1.0.0.

- [ ] Visual Studio Solution
- [ ] Bazel build Configuration
- [ ] Sentry Configuration
- [ ] NPM Tasks
- [ ] Drop capabilities
- [ ] Cryptographically signed messages?
- [ ] Add environment variable for signing up an account for the email list

Commit message:

Implement authz, state checking, & error handling

README.md, after:

# Wildboar IMAP Server

* Author: [Jonathan M. Wilbur](https://jonathan.wilbur.space) <[jonathan@wilbur.space](mailto:jonathan@wilbur.space)>
* Copyright Year: 2019
* License: [MIT License](https://mit-license.org/)

Build by running `tsc` in the root directory.

## Usage

### Testing

Run `npm run-script test`.

### Debugging

You can debug easily in VS Code. For some reason, breakpoints do not appear to
work in `index.ts`. 

## Development

### Pre-Alpha

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server moves into Alpha
development.

- [ ] Commands:
  - [ ] RFC 3501
    - [x] CAPABILITY
    - [x] NOOP
    - [x] LOGOUT
    - [x] STARTTLS
    - [x] AUTHENTICATE
    - [x] LOGIN
    - [ ] SELECT
    - [ ] EXAMINE
    - [x] CREATE
    - [ ] DELETE
    - [ ] RENAME
    - [ ] SUBSCRIBE
    - [ ] UNSUBSCRIBE
    - [ ] LIST
    - [ ] LSUB
    - [ ] STATUS ("STATUS" SP mailbox SP "(" status-att *(SP status-att) ")") (status-att = "MESSAGES" / "RECENT" / "UIDNEXT" / "UIDVALIDITY" / "UNSEEN")
    - [ ] APPEND (hard)
    - [ ] CHECK
    - [ ] CLOSE
    - [ ] EXPUNGE
    - [ ] SEARCH (very hard) (And search tricks)
    - [ ] FETCH (hard)
    - [ ] STORE (medium)
    - [ ] COPY (medium)
    - [ ] UID (medium)
  - [ ] Custom commands:
    - [ ] ERROR (Intentionally throws an error, for testing purposes)
    - [ ] INFO / STATISTICS
    - [ ] HEALTHCHECK
      - [ ] Queue can be reached.
      - [ ] Configuration source can be reached.
      - [ ] Listening on socket.
- [x] Graceful Shutdown
- [x] Add `isSet` to ConfigurationSource.
- [ ] Healthcheck tool
- [ ] Use a `sensitiveCommandRunning` flag to prevent race conditions when a
      connection attempts two `APPEND`s at once, for instance.
- [ ] Limit everything:
  - [ ] Maximum commands per minute.
  - [ ] Time since last command.
  - [x] Maximum command lexemes.
  - [ ] Errors per minute.
  - [ ] Average TCP data chunk size (to prevent slow loris attacks)
  - [ ] Average line length.
  - [ ] Authentication attempts per hour should be handled by the authorizer.
- [x] Simple Authorization
- [x] Start-up checks:
  - [x] Confirm that all integers are safe.
  - [x] Confirm that all command names are atoms.
  - [x] Confirm that there are no duplicate plugins.
- [x] Add `capability` field to plugins.
- [ ] Consider using nameless queues to make the queue list more readable.
- [x] Make `ConfigurationSource` a class so you can keep the master variables list there.
- [ ] Create `ok`, `bad`, and `no` methods for replies.
- [ ] Use `jsonschema` to validate RPC responses.
- [ ] Add `getStrings()` to `TypedKeyValueStore`
  - This is for, among other things, indicating which commands should go through authorization.
- [ ] Add `commands_needing_authorization` configuration directive.
- [ ] Is `LexemeType.ERROR` really necessary anymore?

### Alpha

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server moves into Beta
development.

- [ ] AWS SQS message broker support
- [ ] Update dependencies
- [ ] Use `Set` instead of arrays where uniqueness is a requirement. (Check for string[])
- [ ] Check for correct state at the start of commands.
- [ ] Check `toString()` occurrences for UTF decoding safety.
  - [ ] Flag safe ones with #UTF_SAFE comments.
- [ ] Support `SEARCH` tricks
- [ ] Address Potential Concurrency Issues:
  - [ ] Multiple socket writes at the same time.

### Beta

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server moves into
Release Candidate development. In Beta, no new features are added to Wildboar
IMAP Server; only testing is performed and bugs are fixed.

- [ ] Static analysis
- [ ] Fuzz testing
- [ ] Achieve 100% test coverage
- [ ] Resilience testing with Chaos Monkey
- [ ] Invalid UTF fuzzing
- [ ] Performance profiling
- [ ] Denial of Service testing
- [ ] Memory leak tests
  - [ ] Repeatedly connecting and disconnecting
  - [ ] Running commands repeatedly
  - [ ] Repeatedly authenticating
- [ ] Test for timing attacks
- [ ] Test for directory traversal
- [ ] 100% JSDoc Documentation

### Release Candidate

Once the following requirements are met, Wildboar IMAP Server version 1.0.0
will be released.

### Future Features

The following features will be added some time after the release of version
1.0.0.

- [ ] Visual Studio Solution
- [ ] Bazel build Configuration
- [ ] Sentry Configuration
- [ ] NPM Tasks
- [ ] Drop capabilities
- [ ] Cryptographically signed messages?
- [ ] Add environment variable for signing up an account for the email list
